May 17, 2020 - 02:25 PM
    I was lost for so long. Finding my inner self was never a mission I wanted to seek.
    I just wanted to be me. I didn't need to put a definition on it in order to prove
    who I am, but there's always been an outside force trying to pull me in a certain 
    direction. This could just be my programming, but it could also be a sign that there
    is a higher power pulling me in to see what the truth was. I was always trying to cover
    up this void and avoid putting a name to the emptiness inside of me. At first I used a 
    bottle of vodka to cope with my very loud mind. Then, I dived into the use of drugs once
    again. This pulled me back and hurt my development into becoming a more successful person.
    Lies upon lies upon lies to cover up a lie I thought was necessary to be avoided. 

    This lie which I was trying to cover up was God.

    I kept on denying myself happiness because some part of me inside knew that I didn't 
    deserve to be happiness. Something was missing. But I justified it. Throwing out my
    source of happiness led me to believe that I was shaping myself into a stronger person. 
    I killed my religious self in order to try and grow. But why did I go down this path? I 
    wish I had a part of me inside that knew what this was. I wish I subconsiously knew that
    this was the right way to go. If anything, I justified these actions to prove I was
    a better person.

    I had a good run. Living the life of a truly secular person taught me a lot about the
    world and myself. I don't belong in that sort of lifestyle. I like being a square and
    having control. I think I just need to define it right. I am not a man who can handle 
    the secular world. I never grew up in it. I grew up in a life filled with God's love and
    turning away from that will never be possible. I truly die whenever I turn away from God's
    love and deny myself of that relationship with him. 

    I love you God. This is my cry for help. I am so sorry for how I've been acting and sorry 
    that you had to see me this way. I want to be able to live to my fullest potential and to
    be happy enough to enjoy my life with you. I want to be able to spread joy to the people 
    around me. I always thought that this was a fairy tail, but this is truly what keeps me
    alive. That's why I enjoyed being a server so much. Serving gave me the opportunity to
    make people happy. I lost that as soon as I forgot how to appreciate people. I couldn't see
    you in each and every single person. Everyone is a brother or sister. We are all God's
    family and I'm sad for neglecting this for so long.


